# 22.2
## 22.2-1
~ | d | pi |
:---:|:---:| :---:
1 | infinity | NIL |
2 | 3 | 4 |
3 | 0 | NIL | 
4 | 2 | 5 |
5 | 1 | 3 |
6 | 1 | 3 |

## 22.2-2
~ | d | pi |
:---:|:---:|:---:
r | 4 | s |
s | 3 | w | 
t | 1 | u | 
u | 0 | NIL |
v | 5 | r |
w | 2 | t(or x) |
x | 1 | u |
y | 1 | u |

## 22.2-3

We can represent color by 1 bit which should correspond to WHITE and BLACK. Removing Line#5 and #14 should not affect the correctness of bfs as the algorithm remains the same except that we will now add duplicates into the queue which might have aleady been discovered but are not marked BLACK. 
The only difference would be in runtime and spacetime complexity. In worst case every ith vertex from source s can be visited i-1 times(complete graph).

>Exercise: Take a graph and run BFS without marking gray. 

## 22.2-4
The run time will be O(|V|<sup>2</sup>) as, for each u vertex in V we will have to perform |V| operations to check if there is an edge `u -> v, or Adj[u][v] == 1`

## 22.2-5
Let u be the vertex in adjacency list of u' such that `u.parent = u'`.  
Hence, `u.d = u'.d + 1` which is independent on ordering of adj[u']

Breadth-ï¬rst tree computed depends on orderning of vertices in adjacency list.
In Figure 22.3, we visit t before x, hence `u.parent = t`. If ordering was such that, we visited x before t then, `u.parent = x`.

## 22.2-6
The key takeaway is that whatever node u' is visited first in bfs before u'', the node in adj[u'] will be visited first before adj[u'']. Hence, if $adj[u'']\bigcap adj[u']$ > 1 then the graph G will have such tree. 
eg:- 
1: 2, 3
2: 4, 5
3: 4, 5
4: 
5: 

Tree: 
```
        1
    2       3
4               5
```

Notice above even if we replace adj[1] with 3, 2. The above tree will never be possible.


 
